Okay. Now I am able to see it in a separate browser. But it still does not show up in the replete. preview window should it? And then I also am curious about  how the Server works. So if it does not have anything in the database memory, then it will start up. Going through the workflow the setup process to create the identity, right? But if there's something already in the database then it will see that it already has. And it will boot up using that. Right? And what specifically is it looking for? Is it the Aid and Cal k e the k e l?



And then I just realized now. As I was thinking about launching this on the target environments. About the fact that we may have an issue. So you said the current workflow for the python installation is that It is. Set up so that the back end runs a service, but it only runs on. Windows or Mac or Linux, right? Which basically means it's not run on a mobile device. Which means? When the back end and the front end are both turned on on a mobile device then. Python does not. well, the k e r i instance based on python driver does not work, right? This means that. It's not possible for people to be able to run. an initial setup of an identity agent on their smartphone because they Can't access the k e r i. since the python Library Is it accessible on mobile? This is a massive problem because most people will install this app on mobile to create their aid. and to create their identity agent, and then They will extend it to a go server. So. This is a chicken before the egg. or chicken versus the egg scenario where we can't create the aid. On mobile to then create the server. That can run. the library that creates the ID on mobile. So one alternative is to create a app that Is a standalone service? that basically provides the python Library as a service just for anyone to be able to call. So that is one solution right? But then we'd have to figure out how to make it secure and of course, that would only be good for now to troubleshoot because fed, essentially the mobile app could just call the python dedicated service just to create the functions needs. An access to library, but then as it scales we'd have to have a different way. So do you have any ideas on how to solve this problem so that this can actually run on the Go I mean. So it can actually run on mobile devices? Maybe there's a different version of the k e r i library that can be used. just for creating the initial Aid even if it is the even if it's written in a different language. Maybe we can package that so like maybe we can package one of the other. Language based k e r i libraries so that it works better. On both so that it works perfectly fine. with flutter on mobile because once Well because as long as it can create the aid that's the main issue that we need to do, right the main capability we need? Because if it can solve that. Problem, then we can create the aid. and then for any other Advanced or up-to-date functionalities that the k e r I may eventually come out with if they update their library, then we can always just Update the python installation or driver. for the go server and then we can assume that the flutter front end can access the capability from its parent go server on a separate server. as a backup if the functionality is not working locally. . Maybe that's a good strategy? Just let me know what your thoughts are. We can come up with a game plan.