You lost me on your step number one of answering how does the first time user create their identity. You said the app ships with a default server URL yes that is the server URL that points to the backend server that is on the device we the mobile phone it's on the mobile phone we just installed. So how does the default URL help? I don't think it does because it points right back to the same device where we do not have access to akeri Library. And then again we do not want to generate Keys locally on the phone using flutter. We have a very strict requirement, we must use keri Library. So to me it looks like the only options are to host it separately or to create and implementation where the flutter rust Bridge solves the issue. So is there a place where we can keep track of known changes and updates that we need? Because I would like to add this to a file on in our project that states that we need to create a rust flutter bridge for the keri Library. I think what makes the most sense now is rather than spending time trying to make the keri protocol run on a mobile device, we just use a third party service and make the instance of available and then we hard code or I don't know if you want a hard code it but basically we add it as a backup Well for now yeah I think we should just have a sequence where we designate like based on each installation we designate where the keri Library resides and if it's installed on a Windows or Mac or Linux then there's no problem it just by default uses the back end library that is on that same device like we already have it. And then the next fallback will be to use a third party URL so we need to add the option to maybe have a config file or a Envy file I mean a DOT env with the URL or somehow I need to be able to track what that URL is that will basically be the keri Library instance that will be a public resource used as a fallback. And then in the future when we have more open source developers who can focus on this then they can create a rust flutter bridge for keri. Does that sound like a plan?