Two things. First having Go Mobile so that there is a local backend go core on mobile is the most important thing because nobody can create their first identity agent with their unique aid until they have an identity agent that has both the key or I library, which we've already proven works with the rust bridge, and the go core backend service on mobile . Both are necessary in order to have a functional identity agent on one's phone. This will be the primary way many people create and identity agent. Then there needs to be a button on the dashboard that we can stub out that says migrate to external atkin server or something like that. We can figure out how to say it better later on for users to understand, but basically this is the button that will initiate migrating the go core from a mobile device where the original Aid was created to an external server device. On this note, you also mentioned needing to create options for the user to select what type of mode they are in. We already finished that because there are only two options, the standalone mode and the remote controller without keys mode, labeled differently to the end user so they understand it. The standalone identity is currently labeled in the UI as create a new identity. The remote controller without keys mode is currently labeled, exist or connect to existing identity. And as we've discussed previously, rather than complicating the startup workflow with a third option of remote controller with keys, we are abstracting that option away into a migration button . This migration button is exactly what I just requested you to create on the dashboard and you can stub it out where we will initiate the process where the back end on mobile will be transferred to an external device that will then become the primary back end at the referenced service url. So I do not see a need to update any UI of the getting started workflow, the only UI change that I can think of that is necessary is to add the migration button to the dashboard somewhere . Also, migration might occur 5 minutes after somebody creates an identity agent, or it could occur 5 years later. We will update the uI migration process later after we prove that this identity agent runs fully automobile device. 