"The "One-Scan" Mutual Connection Flow

To prevent the awkward UX of two people having to scan each other's phones, your app's Agents need to perform a Mutual Introduction.

Here is the step-by-step flow of how your app should handle it behind the scenes:

1. The Human Action (Unidirectional Discovery)



Alice scans Bob's QR code (which contains Bob's OOBI).

Alice's app resolves the OOBI, fetches Bob's Key Event Log (KEL), 50x50 pixel avatar, name, and verifies his cryptography.

Status: Alice now has Bob as a contact. Bob still doesn't know Alice exists.

2. The Software Action (The Reverse Introduction)



Immediately after verifying Bob, Alice's Agent automatically crafts a peer-to-peer exchange message (in KERI, this is called an exn message).

Inside this exn message, Alice's Agent includes Alice's own OOBI and her data.

Alice's Agent sends this message to Bob's Agent (using the URL she just learned from his OOBI).

3. The Receiving End (Bob's Approval)



Bob's Agent receives the exn message.

It sees Alice's OOBI inside the message, automatically resolves it, and fetches Alice's KEL to verify her cryptography.

Bob's app generates an alert on his dashboard (there needs to be an "Alerts" section), something to the effect of: "Alice has added you as a contact. Would you like to add her back?"

Status: Once Bob clicks "Yes," they are mutually connected.

"



This is the process I have in order for a identity agent to initiate a Oobi contact relationship so currently the person's Oobi is sent to another but it's only one way. In the current code base. I need to update it. So it automatically introduces the process to. Invite the other person. Then the other person receives an alert. and then the other person will need to accept it. And then they both have each other as contacts. I also need to update it so that when each Oobi request is sent. ideally we want the person's photo to be provided which will be a 50 pixel by 50 pixel image as well as their name in this case can be their first and last name. 



Another important note is we need the contact schema on the identity agent to follow the vCard or Jay card schema. That's j c a r d. This way the schema is universal. but it will also have an additional custom attribute. which is the k e r i based Aid as well as The Oobi or anything else that is necessary related to the k e r i protocol. Also when a contact is added. the person by default needs to be added. or designated a role of agent This is in reference to the k e r i. protocol where each contact could be labeled as a agent, controller, judge, And Etc. . And then alert section will be something that we build out in the future. So there needs to be a designated alerts. section in the dashboard UI it does not need to be complex right now. As we will update the UI. soon. And please let me know if there's anything else missing in this. process That you can think of. in the end the contact each other should appear in the other person's contact. . And as a reminder all of this occurs on this same code base. It's just Bob and Alice have different instances of this codebase installed. thanks