I want to get this right so let's not do milestone 3 yet. Let's focus on updating the ADR so it's accurate and then let's also verify that the code actually operates like the ADR says. First off your comments look accurate and I want to point out that the keri driver URL, I assume that just refers to the driver that is the local process that runs on the Linux and Mac OS and windows. It has to be clear that the keri driver URL must be declared or somehow identified as not an available not turned on or not available when it's on mobile since it cannot run that way since it runs python which doesn't run on mobile. In that case I want it to be clear that the alternatives are considered fallbacks. The fallback is the rust flutter bridge and the remote helper keri micro service. Combined, those are a fallback to any time the front end attempts to use the Keri Library (KERI_DRIVER_URL) regardless of whether it's on mobile or linux/macOS/windows. The keri driver URL, assuming that is the child driver process that runs the python Kei Keri Library, will not ever be an override for anything. It is entirely bound to the environment in which it operates. On Linux Mac OS and windows, whether the back end or the front end is attempting to access the Keri Library, it should always prioritize and use the keri driver URL. Even on mobile devices it should prioritize using Keri driver URL, but in that case it will realize that it is not available and then it will fall back to the rust flutter bridge and the remote helper microservice in order to access the keri functionalities. Is that clear?

And to answer your question: "ADR 003 correction needed:

Line 21 still says "Go spawns Python as a child process (development) or connects via KERI_DRIVER_URL (production)" — same false dichotomy. Should say Go always spawns Python as a child process on desktop platforms." I would not say that go always spawns python as a child process on DESKTOP platforms, unless you are saying that we're calling Linux, Mac OS, and windows "desktop applications". Then it's true. I would the way I would say it is go spawns python as a child process always on Linux and Mac OS and windows. And that's it. We don't need to mention development or production or desktop or webview or anything else because it's purely dependent on the platform it is installed on like the operating system it runs on.