An excellent walkthrough. okay so the issues with that become much more clear so here is my advice. I think we actually want the reverse in terms of where the identity gets created. By default we want the identity to be created on the device because there won't necessarily be a server and so we need to create the identity first locally in order to even create a desktop mode server with primary backend, the desktop mode server is dependent on an already existing identity that has keys. Therefore we have to create the actual identity and keys on mobile so that when we do set up an identity on a remote server then we have an already existing identity to connect to it. So it seems like to me that setting up an identity on the phone requires the keri driver and Library regardless. The only exception to that would be is if the mobile phone is acting as a mobile device front end that does not have keys. In that case somebody would simply run the software on a desktop and picked Standalone mode which would make it so that everything runs on a desktop and they would simply have to log into the front end Via mobile device web browser or they could download the app and select that they are doing remote controller mode without keys. So essentially the modes available on mobile are Standalone mobile and then there is the remote controller with keys mobile and the remote controller without keys mobile. The Standalone mobile and remote controller with keys mobile require setting up the identity and everything on the mobile phone. The the remote controller without keys requires setting up a desktop server in Standalone mode first, and then a remote controller without keys meaning without the signing keys can be added to it later. But in that mode we have to make sure that there is a secure connection using keri and so forth and so I believe even the remote controller without keys will still need akeri instance because it would basically be set up as another keri Aid that has delegated access to talk with the main primary server and front end on a secure line or secure did comm, but of course it would not have signing keys meaning it can't it wouldn't have the signing keys on the remote controller without keys mobile device because it would simply communicate with the primary server until it what it is wanting to do and then it would execute it on the primary server where the keys are actually stored. Does this make sense? Please come up with a plan for this and then we will probably need to update the ADR documents somewhere to make sure all of this is clear