Thank you for confirming because i need to clarify so that both of our understandings are correct. The you said that the desktop does not create an identity. That's not necessarily the case because it depends on what mode the server is in. And when I'm talking about the server I'm referring to this exact entire code base because when somebody sets up a server they can choose whether they want the server or the current installation to be in Standalone mode and so if they are installing it on a desktop and they select that they want it to be in Standalone mode then the desktop creates the identity and the front end and so forth but they also need to specify where they want the keys so if I'm installing an identity agent on a server let's just say it's a Windows computer then if I say it's on Standalone mode then that means the front end and the back end with keys with signing keys are on the server which would be my desktop computer. If I select that i want it to be in well there is no Standalone mode without keys because you can't be Standalone without keys because then the identity would be in Inception would occur elsewhere. So means you have a back end and a front end with keys . If you install it on mobile then you have a back end and a front end on the mobile device with keys. If you install the identity agent on mobile and you select remote controller with keys then that means there is no back end on the mobile device that will be a remote controller. At least it won't be the primary back end. I mean the back end could still operate on the mobile device in order to facilitate anything that is necessary for the remote controller with keys but it will not be a primary. And when we add backup mode then the back end could potentially be a backup mode but I don't know that we will offer that on mobile devices because to me it makes the most sense to have a desktop version be a backup server since in most cases mobile will not be able to back up a desktop server and if you select the same option on desktop where you say we want it to be a remote controller with keys then it's the same thing where you could have a remote controller be the desktop and just like on mobile the back end can still be used to support the front end remote controller with keys but it will not be primary, but in that case because it was installed on a desktop it actually could be a backup back end. Then there is the other option of installing the identity agent as a remote controller without keys. If the remote controller without keys is installed on mobile devices then it cannot be installed without their already existing another well it can be installed but it cannot connect or do anything until it connects to an already existing identity that is hosted on a different server that is designated as the primary server. So the same is also true if somebody installs and selects remote controller without keys when they install it on a desktop. So the only thing else I can think of that is relevant to discuss is the fact that all of the installation scenarios seem to require Keri Library because any of the scenarios with keys it obviously needs it but even if it's a remote controller without keys then it still has to create an identity to be able to connect to another device which is its primary back end server. And k e r i is required because that's the only way to have a secure Communication channel between a remote control and a primary server. Also when I say primary server it at least means it's a primary back end and it may or may not have a primary front end. I suspect that the front end will always be running on a server but that's where it gets into the communication process of how does one actually communicate with the primary back end both in terms of the logic that the back end processes as well as the front end user interface. We cannot like it's not possible or I should say we it's not a good architectural design to allow people to access the front end with a username and password or other traditional means and that's why it's important for that original server identity to add a remote controller with delegated access and so the remote controller simply would be added to the primary back ends identity as a delegated identity that has remote control permissions when it does not have signing keys or if the desktop was set up in primary back end server but without signing Keys which is the one I think is going to be more common than that would mean that when you install the identity agent on mobile then you would just select that you are a remote controller with keys. But in that case you would have to create the identity first since you would have the signing keys you'd have to create the identity first on your mobile phone and then add the desktop primary back end as a delegate I believe right? So please provide me back with what you are understanding that I'm saying. 