Here's my feedback, then you'll be good to proceed. 

ADR 001 - We will still add AI governance components. It's on a different branch. I'm sure specific implementation statements no longer reflect the current codebase.

ADR 002 - Sounds good.

ADR 003 & 004 - yes that all needs to be updated/clarified.

Dead/Outdated Code: 
All of your comments looks like they are accurate, but I want to make a few comments here just to make sure you aren't deleting something that we actually do use in the code. For the keri helper client I assume that is a local version that was designed to be a public stateless helper service but it is no longer valid because the only public stateless helper service we will use is the remote helper URL and that is the only public stateless helper service. It so assuming it is not the URL that refers to the public stateless helper service, I think we called it the remote helper, then yes it looks like we do not need that Dart file. And yes it looks like you are finding multiple references to the primary service URL and it sounds like that is superseded by the "serverUrl" or "serverURL" for whatever it's called now, but just make sure that there is a URL for the child server. Well actually it could be a child server or a parent server. In Mobile remote controller with keys mode, the server URL refers to the child server since that external server has its own Aid that is delegated authority by the local keri identity. But in a remote controller without keys mode, the local mobile device or just the local device is the child device to the parent Aid running its own back end and front end. So I think as long as that is in the alignment with everything that you are saying and with the code you are finding, then it seems like the outdated code you found can indeed be deleted or removed. The road map I want to keep though, but you can update the tasks so they reflect what we have actually done in the past and so that they are correct on what we need to do in the future based on the current code base, if you see anything that is in the future that is out of alignment with our current code base and architecture. We are currently still on phase 3 and we have to finish up additional sub Milestones that we did not outline such as the migration button and once the Go Mobile or the go core on mobile is functional, which it seems like it is now based on your recent update, then I will test that and we are really close to finishing phase 3.